c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.dll.config
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.pdb
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Dominio.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Dominio.pdb
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\obj\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\obj\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\obj\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.pdb
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.dll.config
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.pdb
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Dominio.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Dominio.pdb
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\obj\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\obj\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\obj\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.pdb
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Projetos\projetos\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
