c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest.pdb
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Dominio.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Dominio.pdb
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.Web.pdb
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\obj\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\obj\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest.dll
c:\users\rafael\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Quiron.LojaVirtual\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest\obj\Debug\Quiron.LojaVirtual.UnitTest.pdb
